Not only was the news of being married exposed
There are also rumors about the two of you
Although the photo is fake
But I can't stand it anymore
Hmm, I understand, haha.
I'll go right away
Hahahaha
check
Am I afraid they will check?
The hidden danger is a fact
Now Tang Yao is the one who cheated
Does he hide blood?
I made him pay
But the other party is Lu Gongzi
What happened to Lu Gongzi?
Those who are barefoot and not afraid of wearing shoes have no protagonists.
Now also consider supporting roles
Still a male temple
I am the best actor
Shh, ancestor, you can be small
This is the role I finally got
Don't underestimate this role
The director is Director Zhang
This is the new East Wall explosion crew
Just watch.
Ban Tang sugar oil bad breath
I'm going to play a supporting role
Make a comeback
We all declared to the board that the photo was fake
And they talk a lot.
Those old stubbornness dare not put Miss Tang in their eyes
Don't blame Uncle Long and the others
This time, even Lu Enterprises was affected
I don't know about Lu Xuan
It's you who cheated on our brother Tamagawa
Sisters, give it to me.
What?
It's not easy to think that the backer of the flash mob has to rely on me
Are you okay? How dare you protect him?
adulterer
I will protect you
Come
Ah-ha.